# Why Terai?

From the endless list of localization libraries, why should you choose
**Terai**?

## Backstory

The world of business and technology is rapidly expanding, with global growth as
a common objective for many projects. However, language barriers can be a
significant roadblock to entering new markets. While English dominates the
internet, it caters to only a quarter of the world's internet users.

To truly win the trust of consumers in these diverse markets, products and
services must not only "speak" their language but also provide a local look and
feel. This goes beyond mere translation; it involves a comprehensive
localization process that takes into account local expectations, currencies,
legal requirements, and more.

For companies with genuine global aspirations, embracing professional
localization services powered by modern technology is not just an option; it's a
necessity.

## The Stagnation of Localization

The rapid evolution of the web over the past decade has transformed the way we
build and deliver software. However, one area that has lagged behind is
localization. Traditional localization processes often feel stuck in the past,
relying on outdated methods that don't align with the agility and innovation
seen in other aspects of software development.

But it doesn't have to be this way. We're here to change that.

## A New Approach to Localization

In 2023, we embarked on a journey to revolutionise localization. Our mission was
born out of frustration with the complexities of managing translation systems
for our own projects. We understood that there had to be a better way, and
that's how **Terai** was born.

**Terai** represents a modern approach to localization, utilizing cutting-edge
technology and forward-thinking strategies to break free from the constraints of
the past:

- **Static Extraction**: Terai employs static extraction to meticulously gather
  your project's messages, ensuring a precise and efficient localization
  process.
- **Codegen**: **Terai** automates the creation of a locale system, seamlessly
  structured around the extracted data, simplifying the management of
  translations.
- **Performance**: **Terai** is powered by a state-of-the-art tech stack,
  ensuring top-tier performance for your application.
- **Developer Experience**: **Terai** prioritizes a superb developer experience
  while offering a rich set of features such as code splitting, local cache
  support, and more.
- **Flexibility**: You have the freedom to choose the translator that best suits
  your preferences.
- **Customization**: Tailor your own implementation to perfectly align with your
  specific use-case, granting you full control over the localization process.
